The question is, how do you feel about the Dzogchen tradition?
The question is, how do you feel about the Dzogchen tradition, and how do you feel about the Dzogc
hen tradition?
The question is, how do you feel about the Dzogchen tradition?
How do you feel about the Dzogchen tradition?
He practiced the bodhicata alone for seven years.
Seven years, because of that, then his realization is burst, he said.
Even not just only that, he said, because of the power of his practice on the bodhicata,
his teaching, what he shared in the lineage message,
he said, it will rapidly spread out, as burst, because of the power of the bodhicata that he
mentioned.
That is true, what he said, his teachings completely went as a kind of grass fire,
fire and went every direction of the Tibetan corner,
and went out of the border of the Tibetan countries.
And all that is now one of the most renowned, powerful teachings of the Niungma schools, the Niung
taic becomes.
Because he predicted that, again, he said he practiced on the bodhicata.
So bodhicata is so important, when we have the bodhicata,
bodhicata is warm, warm, calm, and it is like, it's moisture, it's like rain, showers in the spring
time.
When you have that, then all the lushness, greenness will come easily and beautifully,
and grow so perfectly as this.
This is what the bodhicata, we do the bodhicata, and then it's going to become dark and cold and
empty,
almost like a desert, and just won't grow too much.
And therefore, all those great experienced masters and everyone connected,
these cooperatives that took the blend in without any distinction,
because nature is united, there's no difference.
Only duality mind is leaning different ways, where to kind of our habit pattern,
we kind of accept and kind of falls in extreme state.
Nature is a union, complete and inseparable state, as it is.
All those great practitioners bring up the body together,
according to the capability, according to the situation,
and then the realization is bursted.
And then Dzogchen is the most powerful teaching.
It makes everything perfectly and beautiful.
And so those are very important to think, and this is the part of the foundation,
and also the central column or the structures of the practice itself.